📝 Rework local tethered development (#2933)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/layouts/shortcodes/tethered-dev/steps-start.md

1.  Create a new environment based on production.

    ```bash
    platform branch new-feature {{ `{{< variable "PRODUCTION_ENVIRONMENT_NAME" >}}` | .Page.RenderString }}
    ```

    If you're using a [source integration](/integrations/source.html),
    open a merge/pull request.

> 2.  Open an SSH tunnel to the new environment's services by running the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  To open an SSH tunnel to the new environment's services, run the following command:
```
